♪ ♪
>> John: HELLO, THERE!
WELL, WELL, WELL.
UM, THIS IS WEIRD, ISN'T IT?
THIS IS DEFINITELY WEIRD.
LOOK, AS YOU CAN CLEARLY TELL,
THIS IS NOT GOING TO BE OUR
USUAL SHOW THIS WEEK.
FOR A START, THERE'S NO
AUDIENCE, AND ALSO, WE'RE NOT
EVEN IN OUR USUAL STUDIO ‐‐
PARTLY BECAUSE WE DO LIKE TO
SHAKE THINGS UP A BIT NOW AND
THEN WHEN WE CAN, AND ALSO
PARTLY BECAUSE OUR ACTUAL STUDIO
MIGHT BE FULL OF CORONAVIRUS.
I'M ACTUALLY SERIOUS ABOUT THAT.
BOTH THE PLACE WHERE WE NORMALLY
TAPE ON SUNDAY AND OUR OFFICE
BUILDING HAD CONFIRMED CASES OF
CORONAVIRUS THIS WEEK.
SO OUR STAFF HAS BEEN WORKING
FROM HOME, AND WE'RE CURRENTLY
TAPING THIS SOMEWHERE ELSE WITH
A VERY LIMITED CREW ON THIS
WHITE VOID SET THAT LOOKS LIKE
THE PLACE MOVIE CHARACTERS GO
WHEN THEY'VE JUST DIED, OR WHERE
THEY SHOT THE KARS4KIDS
COMMERCIAL ‐‐ VERY MUCH, BY THE
WAY, THE CORONAVIRUS OF
COMMERCIALS, IN THAT IT IS
HORRIFICALLY INFECTIOUS AND
RUINS PEOPLE'S LIVES.
NOW, OBVIOUSLY, WE'RE NOT THE
ONLY ONES WHO'VE HAD TO MAKE BIG
ADJUSTMENTS TO OUR LIVES,
BECAUSE THIS WAS THE WEEK THAT
THE CORONAVIRUS, FOR MANY PEOPLE
HERE IN THE U. S., SEEMED TO GO
FROM AN ABSTRACTION TO A VERY
REAL THREAT ‐‐ AND MAYBE THE
BEST SIGN OF JUST HOW FAST IT
ALL HAPPENED CAME, AS IT ALWAYS
SEEMS TO, FROM RUDY GOBERT OF
THE UTAH JAZZ.
>> THE UTAH JAZZ BASKETBALL TEAM
WILL BE QUARANTINED HERE IN
OKLAHOMA CITY FOR THE
FORESEEABLE FUTURE, THAT
ACCORDING TO ESPN.
BEFORE THE GAME, RUDY GOBERT
SPOKE TO THE UTAH MEDIA, JOKING
ABOUT POSSIBLY BEING SICK, AND
THEN DID THIS.
MAKING A POINT TO TOUCH EVERY
MICROPHONE AND RECORDER.
HOURS LATER, WE GOT THE NEWS
THAT HE TESTED POSITIVE FOR THE
CORONAVIRUS.
>> John: YEAH, OF COURSE HE
FUCKING DID!
NICE WORK, RUDY!
I'D SAY THAT FEELS TOO STUPID TO
ACTUALLY BE REAL, BUT LET'S
REMEMBER, THIS IS ALSO THE
TIMELINE IN WHICH THE OFFICIAL
WHITE HOUSE TWITTER ACCOUNT ONCE
TWEETED "FIRST SNOW OF THE YEAR"
ON A 63‐DEGREE DAY, ON WHICH,
AND THIS IS TRUE, IT DID NOT
SNOW, SO HONESTLY IN MANY WAYS,
WHAT RUDY GOBERT DID WAS
ACTUALLY JUST STUPID ENOUGH.
NOW THAT HAPPENED ON MONDAY, AND
THINGS JUST SPIRALED FROM THERE.
AMERICA'S MAJOR SPORTS WERE
SUSPENDED, AS WAS HOCKEY.
MARCH MADNESS WAS CANCELED,
AND AS IF THAT WEREN'T ENOUGH,
RITA WILSON AND HER HUSBAND,
TOM ‐‐ #Feminism ‐‐ ANNOUNCED
THAT THEY HAD TESTED POSITIVE
FOR THE CORONAVIRUS.
WE'VE ALSO LEARNED POLITICAL
FIGURES FROM ALL OVER HAVE
TESTED POSITIVE, TOO, INCLUDING
AN IRANIAN VICE PRESIDENT,
A U. K. HEALTH MINISTER, AND THE
MAYOR OF MIAMI.
AND THAT IS JUST AT THE TIME
THAT WE ARE TAPING THIS.
WE ARE CLEARLY IN THE MIDST OF A
RAPIDLY ESCALATING OUTBREAK, AND
IT'S VERY DIFFICULT TO SAY
EXACTLY WHERE THINGS STAND.
ESPECIALLY BECAUSE, DESPITE
TRUMP REPEATEDLY CLAIMING
OTHERWISE, TESTS FOR THIS VIRUS
ARE STILL NOT AVAILABLE, IN MOST
PLACES, TO THOSE WHO NEED THEM,
WHICH MEANS THAT WE CAN'T YET
PROPERLY TRACK THE VIRUS OR KNOW
HOW QUICKLY IT IS SPREADING.
AND THAT IS NOT ONLY
CATASTROPHIC, BECAUSE WE'RE
HAVING TO FLY BLIND IN FIGHTING
THIS PANDEMIC, IT'S ALSO
FRUSTRATING, ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU
SEE HOW QUICKLY OTHER COUNTRIES
LIKE SOUTH KOREA RAMPED UP THEIR
TESTING CAPABILITIES.
AND THAT IS PART OF THE REASON
WHY IT WAS ACTUALLY GENUINELY
REFRESHING TO HEAR THE TOP U. S.
OFFICIAL ON INFECTIOUS DISEASES,
DR. ANTHONY FAUCI, SAY THIS ON
THURSDAY ABOUT OUR CURRENT
TESTING SYSTEM:
>> THE SYSTEM IS NOT REALLY
GEARED TO WHAT WE NEED RIGHT
NOW.
THAT IS A FAILING.
>> A FAILING?
YES.
>> IT IS A FAILING.
LET'S ADMIT IT.
THE IDEA OF ANYBODY GETTING IT
EASILY, THE WAY PEOPLE IN OTHER
COUNTRIES ARE DOING IT, WE'RE
NOT SET UP FOR THAT.
DO I THINK WE SHOULD BE?
YES.
BUT WE'RE NOT.
>> John: NO, WE ARE NOT.
AND INCIDENTALLY, IF YOU FIND
YOURSELF REALLY APPRECIATING HOW
CALM, KNOWLEDGABLE, AND THOROUGH
FAUCI IS, YOU'RE FRANKLY ALONE
ON THAT.
HE'S BEEN A RARE SOURCE OF
CLARITY IN THE TRUMP
ADMINISTRATION'S RESPONSE,
AND YOU SHOULD KNOW, HE'S THE
NATION'S LEADING INFECTIOUS
DISEASE EXPERT.
NOW, IS HE MY FAVORITE
INFECTIOUS DISEASE EXPERT?
NO, OF COURSE HE ISN'T, BECAUSE
THAT WOULD BE SALVADOR MAZZA.
IT'S AMAZING THAT, FOR A MAN WHO
STUDIED INFECTIOUS DISEASES HIS
WHOLE LIFE, THE ONLY THING HE
EVER CAME DOWN WITH WAS A DEADLY
CASE OF BEDROOM EYES.
SALVADOR, STOP IT!
AND LOOK, FAUCI IS IN A TOUGH
POSITION RIGHT NOW.
HE HAS TO BALANCE THE TASK OF
COMMUNICATING REAL, HONEST
SCIENCE WITH THIS
ADMINISTRATION'S AVERSION TO
EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THOSE WORDS.
BUT SO FAR HE SEEMS TO BE DOING
A GOOD JOB.
THE SAME, UNFORTUNATELY, CANNOT
BE SAID ABOUT TRUMP, WHO
ATTEMPTED TO REASSURE THE NATION
WITH A SEDATED OVAL OFFICE
SPEECH ON WEDNESDAY, WHICH WAS
A COMPLETE MESS.
DESPITE THE FACT HE WAS READING
FROM A PREPARED STATEMENT, HE
MANAGED TO MISTAKENLY CLAIM THAT
IMPORTS FROM EUROPE WERE BEING
CUT OFF ‐‐ WHICH THEY WERE NOT;
THAT INSURERS WOULD WAIVE COPAYS
NOT JUST FOR TESTING, BUT FOR
TREATMENT ‐‐ WHICH AT PRESENT
THEY WON'T; AND HE SEEMED TO
IMPLY THAT AMERICANS IN EUROPE
COULD NOT GET BACK INTO THE
COUNTRY ‐‐ WHICH THEY CAN.
AND EVEN HE DIDN'T SEEM ENTIRELY
SATISFIED WITH HIS PERFORMANCE,
BECAUSE THE MOMENT THE SPEECH
WAS OVER, THIS WAS HIS ACTUAL
REACTION:
>> WE'RE CLEAR.
>> OKAY?
OKAAAAY.
>> John: YEP.
AND THAT IS THE "OKAAAAY" OF A
MAN WHO HAS JUST COMPLETED YET
ANOTHER SUBSTANDARD JOB AFTER
REFUSING TO PUT IN EVEN THE
SLIGHTEST BIT OF EFFORT.
SHE KNOWS WHAT I'M TALKING
ABOUT.
SHE DEFINITELY KNOWS WHAT I'M
TALKING ABOUT.
THIS JOKE IS LANDING SO HARD
WITH HER RIGHT NOW.
AND FOR THE FOLLOWING DAYS,
TRUMP SEEMED TO BE DOING HIS
VERY BEST TO TRY AND MINIMIZE
THE IMPACT OF THIS CRISIS, OFTEN
WITH A PARTICULAR FOCUS ON
SHORING UP THE STOCK MARKET ‐‐
A DYNAMIC PERHAPS BEST
ENCAPSULATED BY THIS EXCHANGE
WITH A REPORTER:
>> THE MARKETS ARE GOING TO BE
JUST FINE, JUST FINE.
>> WHY DO YOU SAY THAT?
THEY'RE TANKING.
>> John: OKAY, HERE'S THE THING.
I HATE IT WHEN THE PRESIDENT
LIES AS MUCH AS THE NEXT GUY,
BUT WHY WOULD YOU ASK HIM,
"WHY DO YOU SAY THAT"?
BECAUSE THE ANSWER TO THAT IS
ALWAYS, IT'S JUST WHAT HE DOES!
ASKING TRUMP WHY HE SAID THINGS
ARE FINE WHEN THEY'RE OBVIOUSLY
NOT IS LIKE ASKING THE WIND WHY
IT WHISPERS, OR WHY THE OLD
REDWOOD TREE GROWS SO TALL, OR
WHY THIS CORGI IS SO THICC.
THAT'S JUST NATURE, BABY.
IT IS WHAT IT IS.
BUT AGAIN, NOTHING IS FINE HERE.
THE PRESIDENT'S RESPONSE HAS,
SADLY, BEEN CHARACTERIZED BY
DISORGANIZATION AND LIES.
AND THE ALL TIME LOW ‐‐
SO FAR! ‐‐ CAME IN HIS
ROSE GARDEN PRESS CONFERENCE
ON FRIDAY.
IF YOU SAW NEWS COVERAGE AFTER
THE FACT, YOU MAY'VE SEEN THAT
HE DECLARED A NATIONAL
EMERGENCY.
WHICH IS GOOD.
AND IF THAT'S ALL YOU SAW OF THE
PRESS CONFERENCE, YOU MIGHT'VE
BEEN REASSURED.
BUT IF YOU WATCHED THE WHOLE
EVENT, THERE WAS A LOT THERE
THAT WAS PRETTY CONCERNING.
BECAUSE TRUMP ALSO,
INEXPLICABLY, FELT IT IMPORTANT
TO BRING UP A SERIES OF CEOs
WHOSE COMPANIES WERE PROMISING
TO HELP INCREASE OUR TESTING
CAPABILITY, AND WHO, FOR THE
RECORD, ABSOLUTELY DID NOT NEED
TO BE THERE.
ESPECIALLY BECAUSE FOR SOME
REASON, TRUMP DEFIED EVERY
PUBLIC HEALTH PROTOCOL BY
SHAKING THEIR HANDS, PATTING
THEIR BACKS, AND TOUCHING THE
MICROPHONE AT LEAST 31 TIMES,
DESPITE THE FACT HE'D BEEN
EXPOSED TO PEOPLE WITH THE VIRUS
HIMSELF LAST WEEKEND AT
MAR‐A‐LAGO, WHERE A GROWING
NUMBER OF GUESTS HAVE SINCE
TESTED POSITIVE.
WHICH, BY THE WAY, IS THE RARE
INSTANCE OF THE WORD "POSITIVE"
BEING ASSOCIATED WITH ANY
EXPERIENCE AT MAR‐A‐LAGO.
BUT PERHAPS THE MOST EMBLEMATIC
RESPONSE WAS WHEN HE WAS ASKED
ABOUT THE COUNTRY'S DISASTROUS
LAG IN TESTING AND SAID,
"I DON'T TAKE RESPONSIBILITY
AT ALL," AND THEN HAD THIS
EXCHANGE WITH A REPORTER:
>> YOU SAID THAT YOU DON'T TAKE
RESPONSIBILITY, BUT YOU DID
DISBAND THE WHITE HOUSE PANDEMIC
OFFICE, AND THE OFFICIALS THAT
WERE WORKING IN THAT OFFICE LEFT
THIS ADMINISTRATION ABRUPTLY.
SO WHAT RESPONSIBILITY DO YOU
TAKE TO THAT?
AND THE OFFICIALS THAT WORKED IN
THAT OFFICE SAID THAT YOU ‐‐
THAT THE WHITE HOUSE LOST
VALUABLE TIME BECAUSE THAT
OFFICE WAS DISBANDED.
WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THAT?
>> WELL, I JUST THINK IT'S
A NASTY QUESTION.
AND WHEN YOU SAY "ME,"
I DIDN'T DO IT.
WE HAVE A GROUP OF PEOPLE ‐‐ I
COULD ‐‐ I COULD ASK, PERHAPS,
IN MY ADMINISTRATION.
BUT I COULD PERHAPS ASK TONY
ABOUT THAT, BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT IT.
I MEAN, YOU SAY ‐‐ YOU SAY WE
DID THAT ‐‐ I DON'T KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT IT.
>> YOU ‐‐ YOU DON'T KNOW ABOUT
THE ‐‐ ABOUT THE REORGANIZATION
THAT HAPPENED AT THE NATIONAL
SECURITY COUNCIL?
>> IT'S THE ADMINISTRATION,
PERHAPS THEY DO THAT, YOU KNOW?
PEOPLE LET PEOPLE GO.
YOU USED TO BE WITH A DIFFERENT
NEWSPAPER THAN YOU ARE NOW, YOU
KNOW, THINGS LIKE THAT HAPPEN.
OKAY, PLEASE, GO AHEAD.
>> BUT THIS IS A ‐‐
>> WE'RE DOING A GREAT JOB.
>> John: PERFECT.
"I DIDN'T DO IT.
I DON'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT IT.
MAYBE SOMEONE IN THE
ADMINISTRATION DID IT.
MAYBE "TONY" DID IT.
THESE THINGS HAPPEN.
I DON'T KNOW AGAIN.
WE'RE DOING A GREAT JOB."
THAT IS REMINISCENT OF
HARRY TRUMAN'S FAMOUS SAYING,
"THE BUCK STOPS ‐‐ SOMEWHERE
OVER THERE MAYBE?
TONY?
TONY, YOU STOP THAT BUCK?
YOU STOP THAT BUCK?
NO?
TONY PROBABLY STOPPED IT.
THE POINT IS, I DON'T KNOW,
LADY, I JUST WORK HERE."
THAT IS A LEVEL OF DODGING
RESPONSIBILITY THAT TRUMP'S BEEN
PERFECTING EVER SINCE HE WAS
VERY MUCH NOT IN VIETNAM.
ALSO, IT FEELS IMPORTANT TO
POINT OUT THAT ONE OF THE
MARQUEE ANNOUNCEMENTS IN THAT
PRESS CONFERENCE WAS THE
PRESIDENT'S CLAIM THAT GOOGLE
WAS RAPIDLY BUILDING A WEBSITE
THAT WOULD DIRECT PEOPLE TO
DRIVE‐THROUGH TESTING
FACILITIES, WHICH SOUNDS
FANTASTIC.
BUT YOU SHOULD KNOW, GOOGLE
QUICKLY CLARIFIED THE SITE
"IS IN THE EARLY STAGES OF
DEVELOPMENT" WITH PLANS TO ROLL
OUT TESTING IN THE BAY AREA AND
MAYBE EXPAND IT MORE BROADLY
OVER TIME.
SO IN TERMS OF IMMEDIATE HELP,
THAT WEBSITE IS ABOUT AS
EFFECTIVE AS GOING TO
IsThisACat.com.
IF YOU'RE NOT FAMILIAR WITH THIS
WEBSITE, YOU CAN SIMPLY UPLOAD A
PHOTO, AND IT'LL TELL YOU WITH A
SIMPLE "YES" OR "NO" IF THE
THING YOU'RE LOOKING AT IS A CAT
OR NOT.
SEE THAT?
THE WEBSITE KNOWS IT'S A CAT.
NOW, WHEN I UPLOADED A PICTURE
OF A DOG?
THE WEBSITE SAYS "NO."
THAT'S HOW YOU KNOW IT'S A GOOD
WEBSITE.
NOW, WILL IT TELL YOU WHERE THE
DRIVE‐THROUGH TESTING LOCATIONS
ARE?
NO, BUT FOR THE TIME BEING,
NEITHER WILL TRUMP'S GOOGLE
THING, SO YOU MIGHT AS WELL
SPEND YOUR TIME LOOKING AT
THINGS THAT ARE AND ARE NOT
CATS.
LOOK, THIS IS CLEARLY BOTH
FRUSTRATING AND EXTREMELY
UNNERVING, AND IT'S ACTIVELY
CONTRIBUTING TO A SENSE OF
CONFUSION IN THE COUNTRY
AT THE MOMENT.
AND AT THIS POINT, IT MIGHT BE
BEST FOR US TO PUT THE PRESIDENT
ASIDE.
DON'T WORRY ‐‐ THERE IS GOING TO
BE AMPLE TIME TO BE UTTERLY
FURIOUS WITH HIM LATER.
BUT THE FACT IS, EVEN THOUGH
THIS SHOULD NOT BE THE CASE, IT
SEEMS WE'RE GOING TO BE A LITTLE
BIT ON OUR OWN HERE, AND BECAUSE
OF THAT, IT MIGHT BE WORTH GOING
OVER SOME BASIC RULES THAT
HEALTH EXPERTS SAY WE SHOULD ALL
ABSOLUTELY BE FOLLOWING TO HELP
STEM THIS OUTBREAK.
INDIVIDUALS HAVE BEEN DOING
THEIR BEST TO SPREAD GOOD
INFORMATION ONLINE, INCLUDING
A NUMBER OF SOCIAL MEDIA
CELEBRITIES ON TIKTOK, NONE MORE
DELIGHTFUL THAN THIS ONE:
>> ♪ IT'S CORONA TIME ♪
♪ HEY, IT'S CORONA TIME
RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ IT'S CORONA TIME ♪
>> John: I MEAN, THAT IS
EXCELLENT.
THAT TIKTOK HAMSTER IS NOW MY
FAVORITE THING IN THE WORLD.
AND YES, I FULLY UNDERSTAND I
HAVE A WIFE AND TWO CHILDREN,
BUT I'LL SAY IT AGAIN:
THAT TIKTOK HAMSTER IS MY
FAVORITE THING IN THE WORLD.
AND IT IS TRULY SAD THAT THAT
HAMSTER GENUINELY OFFERED MORE
USEFUL PUBLIC HEALTH ADVICE IN
ONE 12‐SECOND TIKTOK THAN THE
PRESIDENT HAS IN MULTIPLE
ADDRESSES TO THE NATION.
AND LET'S ACTUALLY GO OVER WHAT
THAT VERY WISE BALL OF FLUFF WAS
TELLING US:
FIRST, WASH YOUR HANDS FOR
AT LEAST 20 SECONDS.
THAT'S REALLY GOOD ADVICE.
IT'S BASICALLY THE TIME IT TAKES
TO SING "HAPPY BIRTHDAY" TO
OPRAH TWICE.
SO IT'S TIME WELL SPENT.
SECOND, MAKE SURE YOU COUGH AND
SNEEZE INTO A TISSUE, YOUR
ELBOW, OR YOUR UPPER SLEEVE ‐‐
NOT YOUR HAND ‐‐ AND DISINFECT
FREQUENTLY TOUCHED SURFACES
DAILY.
THIRD, WEAR MASKS ONLY IF YOU
HAVE SYMPTOMS OR ARE A
CAREGIVER, AS IT'S IMPORTANT
THERE ARE ENOUGH OF THEM
AVAILABLE FOR MEDICAL
PROFESSIONALS AND THOSE WITH
RESPIRATORY CONDITIONS.
AND FINALLY, STAY HOME,
ESPECIALLY IF YOU'RE SICK,
BUT ALSO IF YOU'RE NOT.
THAT LAST ONE IS PART OF WHAT'S
CALLED "SOCIAL DISTANCING" ‐‐
OR, AS PRESIDENT TRUMP PUT IT
ON TWITTER WITH ALL CAPS AND
NO FURTHER EXPLANATION, "SOCIAL
DISTANCING," EXCLAMATION MARK!
AND HERE'S THE THING,
HE MAKES A FINE POINT, BUT
IF I MAY JUST EXPAND ON THAT
SCREAM TWEET A LITTLE,
SOCIAL DISTANCING IS ABSOLUTELY
CRUCIAL RIGHT NOW.
THE IDEA IS TO AVOID
CROWDED PLACES, CANCEL SOCIAL
ENGAGEMENTS, AVOID UNNECESSARY
TRAVEL, WORK FROM HOME IF THAT
IS AN OPTION FOR YOU, AND ‐‐ IF
YOU NEED TO BUY GROCERIES OR USE
PUBLIC TRANSIT ‐‐ TRY TO DO IT
AT OFF‐PEAK TIMES.
NOW, OBVIOUSLY, THAT'S NOT ALL
FEASIBLE FOR EVERYONE, BUT IF
YOU TRULY HAVE NO CHOICE BUT TO
GO OUT, IT IS VITAL TO PROTECT
YOURSELF AND OTHERS BY KEEPING
A DISTANCE OF AT LEAST SIX FEET
FROM OTHER PEOPLE.
BASICALLY, FOR THE TIME BEING,
PRETEND YOU'RE A BRITISH PARENT
AND EVERYONE ELSE IN THE WORLD
IS YOUR CHILD.
KEEP AS MUCH DISTANCE AS YOU
CAN, AVOID PHYSICAL CONTACT
AT ALL COSTS, AND IF ANY ONE OF
THEM TRY TO GIVE YOU A HUG,
REJECT IT.
THE REASON WHY SOCIAL DISTANCING
IS SO IMPORTANT IS BECAUSE
IT CAN HELP US "FLATTEN THE
CURVE" ‐‐ IT'S A PHRASE YOU'VE
PROBABLY HEARD A LOT THIS WEEK
WHICH MEANS BASICALLY THIS:
SLOW THE SPREAD OF THE VIRUS
SO WE DON'T OVERWHELM THE
HEALTHCARE SYSTEM.
WE ONLY HAVE SO MANY VENTILATORS
AND HOSPITAL BEDS, AND IF CASES
SPIKE ALL AT ONCE, THEY COULD
MAX OUT OUR CAPACITY.
AND I KNOW THERE'S A TEMPTATION
TO THINK, "HOLD ON,
THIS IS AMERICA,
I'M SURE WE HAVE ENOUGH
VENTILATORS FOR EVEN THE
WORST‐CASE SCENARIO."
WE DON'T.
WE REALLY DON'T.
SO IT'S IMPERATIVE THAT WE NEED
TO SPREAD CASES OUT OVER
A LONGER PERIOD OF TIME SO THAT
EVERYONE WHO NEEDS CARE
CAN GET IT.
AND YES, PROPER SOCIAL
DISTANCING INVOLVES SOME
SACRIFICE, BUT THIS IS
A CRITICAL THING THAT WE SHOULD
ALL DO FOR THE MORE VULNERABLE
AMONG US AND FOR HEALTHCARE
WORKERS, WHO ARE GOING TO BE IN
THE SHIT FOR SOME TIME TO COME.
FOR AN EXAMPLE OF WHAT IT LOOKS
LIKE WHEN YOU DO NOT FLATTEN THE
CURVE, JUST LOOK TO THE HARDEST
HIT AREAS OF ITALY, WHERE CASES
HAVE SO OVERWHELMED THE SYSTEM
DOCTORS HAVE HAD TO MAKE VERY
DIFFICULT CHOICES ABOUT WHO GETS
POTENTIALLY LIFE‐SAVING
TREATMENT AND WHO DOESN'T.
AND IN ADDITION TO ATTEMPTING TO
QUELL THE SPREAD OF THE VIRUS,
WE SHOULD ALSO BE DOING
EVERYTHING THAT WE CAN TO
CONTAIN THE SPREAD OF
MISINFORMATION,
BECAUSE THERE'S CURRENTLY A LOT
OF HARMFUL BULLSHIT FLYING
AROUND.
THERE'S ALEX JONES, WHO
SUGGESTED THAT HIS TOOTHPASTE
"KILLS THE WHOLE SARS‐CORONA
FAMILY AT POINT‐BLANK RANGE."
AND IT WOULD BE GREAT IF IT DID!
I WOULD LOVE IT IF HIS
TOOTHPASTE DID THAT.
BUT...
Y'KNOW...
IT DOESN'T.
THERE'S MULTIPLE COMMENTATORS
WHO'VE MADE MISLEADING
COMPARISONS TO THE SWINE FLU,
AN ILLNESS WITH A MORTALITY RATE
AT LEAST 50 TIMES LOWER
THAN THIS ONE.
AND THEN THERE IS
GERALDO RIVERA,
WHO FELT IT IMPORTANT TO TELL
FOX VIEWERS THIS:
>> IF, YOU KNOW, YOU'VE GOT A
FEVER OR IF YOU CAN'T HOLD YOUR
BREATH FOR TEN SECONDS.
EVERYONE SHOULD DO THAT.
HOLD YOUR BREATH FOR TEN
SECONDS.
[INHALES DEEPLY]
IF YOU CAN HOLD YOUR BREATH FOR
TEN SECONDS, THEN YOU DON'T
HAVE ‐‐ YOU DON'T HAVE THIS
DISEASE.
>> John: OKAY, I'M GUESSING YOU
INSTINCTIVELY KNOW THIS, BUT
THAT'S JUST NOT TRUE IN ANY WAY
WHATSOEVER.
YOU CAN'T TEST FOR THE
CORONAVIRUS BY HOLDING YOUR
BREATH.
HOWEVER, I DO HAVE A WAY THAT
GERALDO CAN TEST FOR THE
CORONAVIRUS.
BUT THIS WILL ONLY WORK FOR
GERALDO AND ABSOLUTELY NO ONE
ELSE.
SO ARE YOU LISTENING, GERALDO?
OKAY, HOLD YOUR BREATH, JUST
LIKE THIS.
[INHALES DEEPLY]
RIGHT?
YOU DOING IT?
NOW, KEEP HOLDING IT.
KEEP HOLDING IT, GERALDO.
KEEP HOLDING YOUR BREATH.
I KNOW YOU MIGHT BE FEELING
DIZZY AND YOU MIGHT BE ABOUT TO
PASS OUT, BUT DON'T WORRY,
G‐MAN, THAT JUST MEANS THE
TEST IS WORKING.
JUST KEEP HOLDING YOUR BREATH.
DON'T BREATHE, GERALDO.
YOUR LUNGS ARE PROBABLY REALLY
BURNING ‐‐ THAT MEANS YOU'RE
DISINFECTING THEM.
KEEP HOLDING YOUR BREATH.
I WILL TELL YOU WHEN
TO LET IT OUT.
[WHISPERING]
I'M NOT GOING TO TELL HIM
TO LET IT OUT.
THE POINT IS, I KNOW THAT MAY
SEEM OBVIOUSLY DUMB, BUT THERE'S
A TON OF MISINFORMATION OUT
THERE, AND NOT ALL OF IT IS SO
OBVIOUSLY BULLSHIT.
SO PLEASE BE CAREFUL BEFORE
FORWARDING OR RETWEETING STUFF
YOU DON'T KNOW TO BE TRUE,
BECAUSE OUR PERSONAL ACTIONS ARE
REALLY GOING TO COUNT HERE.
AND EVEN IF YOU'RE NOT WORRIED
ABOUT GETTING THIS VIRUS, OTHER
PEOPLE, ESPECIALLY THE ELDERLY
AND THE IMMUNOSUPPRESSED, DON'T
HAVE THAT LUXURY, SO IT'S A GOOD
IDEA TO TREAT THESE PRECAUTIONS
LIKE YOU WOULD A FLU SHOT:
YOU DON'T JUST GET A FLU SHOT
FOR YOU, YOU GET IT FOR EVERYONE
ELSE.
WE ALL HAVE A REAL
RESPONSIBILITY TO ONE ANOTHER
RIGHT NOW, BECAUSE THE CHOICES
WE MAKE IN THE COMING DAYS AND
WEEKS WILL CONTRIBUTE DIRECTLY
TO HOW BAD THIS CRISIS GETS.
AND I KNOW THAT THIS DISRUPTION
TO YOUR LIFE IS ANNOYING.
AND IT'S OKAY TO BE DISAPPOINTED
OR EVEN IRRITATED BECAUSE YOU
CAN'T GO OUT OR YOUR FAVORITE
EVENTS WERE POSTPONED OR A TRIP
YOU HAD PLANNED FELL THROUGH.
BUT YOU'VE GOT TO GET THAT OUT
OF YOUR SYSTEM.
IN FACT, LET'S PUT 30 SECONDS
ON THE CLOCK RIGHT NOW, DURING
WHICH EVERYONE CAN BE SELFISHLY
ANGRY ABOUT THE THINGS THEY
DIDN'T WANT CANCELED OR
POSTPONED, WHETHER IT'S THE NBA
SUSPENDING ITS SEASON OR DISNEY
WORLD BEING CLOSED OR THE NINTH
"FAST & FURIOUS" MOVIE BEING
PUSHED BACK A YEAR ‐‐ IT'S THE
ONE JOHN CENA WAS GOING TO BE
IN!
I MEAN, THAT STINGS.
I'M NOT GOING TO SAY IT DOESN'T.
NOW, PERSONALLY, I'M GOING TO
SPEND THESE 30 SECONDS BEING
FURIOUS ABOUT THE FACT MY
FAVORITE FOOTBALL TEAM,
LIVERPOOL, WERE LITERALLY TWO
GAMES AWAY FROM WINNING THE
LEAGUE CHAMPIONSHIP BEFORE GAMES
WERE SUSPENDED.
SO LET'S START THE CLOCK...
NOW.
BECAUSE HERE'S THE THING,
I'VE WAITED MY ENTIRE ADULT LIFE
FOR THIS!
THEY WERE ABOUT TO WIN THE TITLE
FOR THE FIRST TIME IN 30 YEARS.
THEY WERE 25 POINTS AHEAD OF
MAN CITY ‐‐ 25 POINTS!
THAT'S HISTORIC MARGIN!
AND YOU ARE TELLING ME COULD BE
FOR NOTHING?
MO SALAH DESERVES TO BE A
PREMIER LEAGUE CHAMPION.
THE COACH, JUERGEN KLOPP,
DESERVES THIS!
AND I KNOW THAT HE HAS
SPECIFICALLY POINTED OUT,
IN A BEAUTIFUL ESSAY YOU SHOULD
LOOK UP, THAT WE SHOULDN'T WORRY
ABOUT THE LEAGUE, AND WE SHOULD
KEEP THINGS IN PERSPECTIVE, BUT
THE VERY FACT HE WROTE SOMETHING
LIKE THAT JUST MAKES ME WANT HIM
TO WIN THE TITLE EVEN MORE.
I WANTED TO SEE THAT TROPHY
GOING THROUGH THE SHANKLY GATES.
[BUZZER]
OKAY, THAT'S IT.
IT'S OUT OF MY SYSTEM NOW.
IT JUST FEELS LIKE THEY SHOULD
REALLY JUST GIVE LIVERPOOL THE
LEAGUE NOW, BECAUSE THEY'VE
BASICALLY WON IT.
THAT WOULD ACTUALLY BE FAIR.
[BUZZER]
OKAY, OKAY.
I'M DONE.
IT'S JUST 'CAUSE, IT'S NOT LIKE
ANYONE IS GOING TO CATCH UP FROM
A 25‐POINT DEFICIT ANYWAY.
OKAY, OKAY, YOU'RE RIGHT.
SPORTS ARE NOT IMPORTANT
RIGHT NOW.
THEY'RE NOT IMPORTANT RIGHT NOW.
I MEAN, THEY'RE NOT REALLY
IMPORTANT EVER, BUT THEY'RE
ESPECIALLY NOT IMPORTANT NOW.
LOOK, I KNOW THINGS ARE
CURRENTLY VERY SCARY.
THINGS ARE GOING TO BE WEIRD FOR
A WHILE ‐‐ FOR WEEKS, AND
HONESTLY, MORE LIKELY, MONTHS.
AND THE FACT THAT'S TRUE MAKES
IT EVEN MORE IMPORTANT THAT,
GOING FORWARD, WE'RE GOING
TO NEED TO LOOK OUT FOR ONE
ANOTHER ‐‐ AND NOT JUST IN TERMS
OF CONTAINING THE TRANSMISSION
OF THIS VIRUS, BUT ALSO IN TERMS
OF THE ECONOMIC IMPACT THAT THIS
IS GOING TO HAVE ON PEOPLE WHO
MAY WELL NOT BE ABLE TO WEATHER
IT.
THIS IS GOING TO BE AN
UNSETTLING AND POTENTIALLY
LONELY TIME, SO THINK ABOUT
CALLING OLDER RELATIVES OR
NEIGHBORS OR JUST ANYONE YOU
KNOW WHO MAY BE VULNERABLE OR
FEELING ISOLATED.
ONE SMALL WAY YOU CAN HELP IS BY
DONATING FINANCIALLY TO YOUR
LOCAL FOOD BANK.
THERE IS A DIRECTORY OF THOSE AT
FeedingAmerica.org.
AND TO REITERATE, TRY YOUR BEST
TO TUNE OUT AND NOT PASS ON
MISINFORMATION IN THE COMING
WEEKS FROM SOURCES LIKE, SADLY,
THE PRESIDENT, AND INSTEAD, PAY
MORE ATTENTION TO TRUSTWORTHY
INFORMATION FROM THE CDC,
EXPERTS LIKE ANTHONY FAUCI,
AND OF COURSE, TIKTOK HAMSTERS.
ALWAYS TIKTOK HAMSTERS.
TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF.
TAKE CARE OF EACH OTHER.
AND WE WILL BE BACK IN SOME FORM
SOME TIME IN THE FUTURE.
AND UNTIL THEN, STAY SAFE AND
GOOD NIGHT!
♪ ♪
>> WE ARE CLEAR.
>> John: OKAAAAY.
FUCK!